Just stay put already!
D-Damn it... That's cheating!
How dare you treat me like this!
Kwon Tae-Joon!
TOMB RAIDER KING
EPISODE 1: FROM THE END. ONCE AGAIN
This mission must be a successful one.
In return. I'll give you a reward
that's commensurate with that.
Like hell I'm gonna die
like a coward here!
Seo Joo-Heon. 38 years old.
I guess...
I'm going to die today.
Good grief. what a lousy man.
What's going on here?
So you can hear my voice?
I can always hear the
voices of the relics!
I don't know what kind
of divine object you are.
but if you're around here. get rid of
this snake and get me out of here!
Do you really think you can
go on living like that?
You're split completely in two.
Don't you even feel any pain
with a cut like that?
Even if I get rid of the snake.
you won't be able to walk out of here.
Are you planning to crawl your way out?
You just got very lucky.
How long do you think you'll survive?
That's the pitiful end you'll meet.
Despite possessing unparalleled talent.
you were born in the wrong era and suffered.
Now you'll die without even having had
the chance to fully use your clever tricks.
You don't know a thing about me.
yet you're still talking shit...
I...
I don't want to live like this!
I don't!
Kwon Tae-Joon...
No matter what...
By any means necessary...
I will kill you!
I swear!
You amuse me.
It truly will be a waste
to see that talent die off.
Wh-What the?
A crow?
I shall give you a chance.
Let's see if you can truly claim
the throne of the king this time.
The king?
I could understand if an eagle
were lending a hand. but a crow?
At first glance.
it looked like a Hero-class relic.
but could it actually be a God-class one?
- You're telling me to forgive him?!
Nah. that can't be right.
Wait. what's going on here?!
- He hit my son. you know!
My legs!
Hey! What's wrong with you?!
- My legs are back?
Never mind that. I'm alive?
What's up with him?
He's pissing me off.
See. he's weird. isn't he!
You need to interrogate him properly!
The police station?
Hey. we're in the middle
of an interrogation here.
I'm asking for your name.
Why don't you just say it already?
See. something's wrong with him.
We're not exactly free either.
Okay.
Can't judge a book by its cover.
Is it the crow's doing?
What's your name?
- A dream? An illusion?
I remember it so clearly...
You won't even tell your name...
What's wrong with you?
Give me a break. will you?
We're really stuck here right at
the start of the new year. huh?
What a way to kick off 2025.
Say what?!
When will this be over?
What are you doing?
2025?!
What's the meaning of this?
Did I get reincarnated? No...
If it's 2025. that means
it was 15 years ago.
So that means I've gone back in time?
For real?
I shall give you a chance.
Let's see if you can truly claim
the throne of the king this time.
Yeesh...
Hey. you!
You haven't even answered
the officer's questions.
and you're just mumbling and grinning...
Do you know what kind of
situation you're in?!
Come to think of it. I feel like
I've seen this woman before.
I remember now.
Hey! You looking down on me?!
- This guy started picking a fight first.
- so I shoved him.
You started this. okay?!
- As if to say. "I've been waiting for this."
You want me to rip those eyes right out?!
- he collapsed on his own.
If you don't. then come at me!
You hit my son. didn't you?!
He's just a high school senior!
Don't waste my time
on something like this!
How was this resolved 15 years ago. again?
- What if his grades go down from shock?!
I was asked to pay an exorbitant
settlement amount.
so I tried to get them to lower it...
I got down on my knees
and apologised desperately.
Back then. I didn't have money.
What a weirdo.
You should really listen
when someone is talking!
Huh?
I stopped her...
Give it a rest. Ma'am!
Your son was the one
who started the trouble!
Besides. don't you guys think you're
asking for way too much in settlement money?
They say rich people are the worst.
and that's exactly what you are!
What the hell. you prick?!
Now you decided to speak up!
- Hey. stop!
Stop that!
- What are you doing?!
I knew it. My body's lighter now.
- Why didn't you stop him?!
Calm down!
Is it because I haven't caught
- Like hell I can!
the relic syndrome yet?
- Just sit down!
Could it be that...
the combat skills I've built up
over the past 15 years are still intact?
Nice! I really scored big!
Damn you... Now you've really done it.
Oh...
Are you okay? You poor thing...
Are you hurt?
You really think this is right. huh?!
In this day and age?!
Why don't you call all
my friends and ask them?!
Hey! Why don't you say something?!
- Calm down. Ma'am.
What are you on about?!
Like hell I can!
I won't settle this out of court.
you know! He assaulted my son!
What's she yapping about?
That won't matter.
Once the relics appear. this world
will turn into a lawless wasteland.
In 2025. major earthquakes
struck various parts of the Earth.
and tombs appeared.
Relics featured in myths.
legends. folktales.
and popular novels were
discovered among them.
Stories that have been passed down
for a long time held power.
and those who possessed the relics
were granted various supernatural abilities.
Everyone set out in search of relics.
What I unearthed was
the Archaeologist's Relic.
I struck gold.
I thought that by acquiring
the knowledge of tombs and their relics.
I would be able to put an end to
my miserable life and start a new one.
However...
What do you mean
we can't enter the tomb?
TKBM holds the exclusive
excavation rights to this tomb.
Please leave the premises.
What? Don't be stupid.
Out of my way!
If you're still resisting.
we will open fire.
That was when it all started.
Beginning with Chairman Kwon of TKBM.
many people in possession of the relics
took steps to ensure that no one
but themselves could excavate them.
Fortunately. my talent for
discovering relics was recognised.
and I was scouted by TKBM.
- Pleasure to work with you.
Yes.
I took on every dirty job
for the chairman.
Smuggling. theft. espionage.
and also tomb raiding.
I raided tombs that were off-limits by
government order and stole relics from them.
As a result. the chairman
amassed a fortune.
What a sick bastard.
Tell me about it.
Scumbag who makes a living
by sucking up to the monopolist.
You can't do a thing without
the chairman. can you?
Don't get too cocky.
Huh... So that's how you see me.
I resolved to become Kwon's dog.
and endured every insult
thrown my way.
As a result...
Captain. this is a trap they set up!
Soon. relics will appear. and the world
will descend into lawlessness.
It's good that I've gotten stronger.
but that alone isn't enough.
I must raise the capital for
the excavation as soon as possible.
but how?
TOMB RAIDER SEO JOO-HEON
The hell's this?
Why is a text floating in the air?
Come on. I'm starting to see things now...
TOMB RAIDER SEO JOO-HEON
THE PITIFUL PICKPOCKET
WHO CAN'T EVEN USE A SHOVEL
Only a relic can do such strange things.
Hey. Crow! Come out right now!
Are you secretly watching me?!
TOMB RAIDER BASIC SKILLS
SPY (RANK F)
A status window?
ABLE TO SEE EVERYTHING IN 1 METRE RADIUS
Spy. Rank F?
You Crow bastard!
My life isn't a game!
NEW QUEST:
ACTIVATE THE FOUR TALENTS OF A TOMB RAIDER.
AWAKEN THE FOUR TALENTS HIDDEN WITHIN YOU
What? Activate four talents?
IN ORDER TO BECOME A FULL FLEDGED TOMB RAIDER.
First a floating text. now a quest?
Oh...
What's wrong with you?
Keep it down.
Okay.
So only I can see this?
That reminds me...
I can clearly see objects
within a radius of one metre.
It's an ability derived from
the Archaeologist's Relic.
I don't have the relic anymore.
but did the ability remain?
From now on. this will be displayed
in the status window. huh?
Wait. if it's 1/4.
that means I still have three left.
Now I have some starting capital.
Still. what on earth is
the Crow relic up to?
After all. there's no way those relics
would wish for human happiness.
Hello. Seo Joo-Heon.
Oh...
Just your luck. huh? That high school
student is a repeat offender.
He should've been put
behind bars. not you.
Don't worry. I'll take care of it.
Thanks. Mr. Geon-Woo.
Huh?
Did you hit your head or something?
You just said thank you. right?
What's going on?
You're just like a normal guy now.
It seems the holding cell
was pretty scary for you.
Detective Kim Geon-Woo.
The person who took care of me
when I had no one else.
Let's go now.
He really looked so young 15 years ago.
Hey. Mr. Geon-Woo.
Have there been any strange incidents lately?
Someone possessed by a monster
or someone with psychic powers?
What are you talking about?
Are you really okay?
You should ask a psychic
about that sort of thing.
Oh... My wife might be a psychic.
Every now and then. she manages
to find the stash of money I've hidden.
So relic users don't exist yet...
Go home early and get some rest.
You must be tired.
This is when tombs are beginning to appear.
but there are no relic users yet.
Now's the perfect chance.
But being broke is a problem.
Early relics were likely more common
in Europe and the United States.
Gotta get the money for a flight quick.
- Hey. Seo Joo-Heon.
Why are you wandering
around instead of working?
Found my cash cow.
Park Kyung-Tae.
Former gangster turned art broker.
He's a local thug who runs a small gallery
with his older sister. Park Kyung-Joo.
Back in high school.
I needed some money.
so I took a part-time job
working for these guys.
I endured a pittance
of a salary and violence.
while forcing myself
to act like a loyal dog.
Why aren't you saying something?
Do you have to get punched
in the face to get it?
Don't stare at us. you prick!
That should be enough.
Go back and tell your boss.
I'm submitting my resignation effective today.
so pay me my outstanding wages and severance pay.
Fine. let's settle this today!
Come on.
Boss!
What's up with this guy?!
He should be hopeless at fighting!
Shut up! Guys. get him!
My eyes... No. my nose...
My nose...
It hurts...
What's going on here?
He can't be...
What's going on. you ask?
It's the skill I've built up over 15 years.
Maybe I haven't trained enough yet?
I need to finish this quick.
Is that all you've got?!
He forgot that I looked after him!
Boss. not the blade. please!
What if he gets hurt bad...
Shut up! I don't care!
Hm? That blade...
That's a relic...
Why does he have one?
Well. it's not out of the question.
There are also relics that secretly slip in
among humans from outside the tomb.
How dare you get cocky!
Die. you bastard!
Regardless. it belongs to me now.
How does it feel to be alive again?
Now. let's see how far you can get.
You're pretty snobby for a relic.
Just you watch. I'll obtain relics
before Kwon. and rule over him.
The relics always ask for a price.
Like hell I care.
I will obtain everything.
That's all.
Many trials await before you.
I am looking forward to
seeing your choices.
Next time. "The One That Will
Become the King of Relics."
EPISODE 2: THE ONE THAT WILL
BECOME THE KING OF RELICS